Add include-coordinator to node scheduler properties docs (#17366)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/properties-node-scheduler.rst

Node scheduler properties
=========================

> Configuration

Reviewer: Remove this header

Reviewer: arguably the other headers are redundant as well

-------------

``node-scheduler.include-coordinator``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** :ref:`prop-type-boolean`
* **Default value:** ``false``

Allows scheduling work on the coordinator when setting up a single machine that

> functions as both a coordinator and a worker. For large clusters, processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function as both coordinator and worker. For large clusters, processing
```

> coordinator can impact query performance because the machine's resources are not

Reviewer 2: Should we say "can negatively impact" or "can worsen" instead of just "can impact" to be a little more explicit about it?

Author: Good catch.

> resources are not available for the critical task of scheduling, managing, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources are not available for the critical coordinator tasks of scheduling, managing, and
```
